Update the main repository to include the pipeline run ID (#3883)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/operators/diagnostics.md

|Field|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|:-|
|`pipeline_id`|`string`|The ID of the pipeline that created the diagnostic.|

> |`run`|`uint64`|A unique identifier for the run the associated diagnostic is from.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`run`|`uint64`|The number of the run, starting at 1 for the first run.|
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.
